Add configuration notes to README.md (#964)
apache/polaris: site/content/in-dev/unreleased/configuration.md

## Polaris Configuration Options Reference

Most common configuration settings that users may want to change are:

> - `polaris.persistence.type` (see the [Configuring Apache Polaris for Production](https://polaris.apache.org/in-dev/unreleased/configuring-polaris-for-production/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `polaris.persistence.type` (see the [Configuring Apache Polaris for Production]({{% ref "configuring-polaris-for-production.md" %}})
```
Shall we use local reference here? IMHO, this could help reduce the work when we start to maintain a released version of docs.

Author: Good point - thx!
